hello respectable public I am Carlos Johnson and I and I will play the extra counter
and lic
let's start sas goes his case for all the car hahahahaha the affected explained
celeco cursed pendejo navarro
I am trapped ajajaja asshole also deceased cacata tata tata
flyers for the adoption of new points of light bilbao link with the
club closes the mouth the opposition group now I speak
n the local television ajajaja sun and milk take another to your case
what do you think if we're going to eat I'm not hungry I do not mind an attack attributed to
the
fuck asshole we have to be working I see everything quiet
nothing happens one of the best food that our main dish has is the
air sandwich I want it it's fine sir police
Enjoy it but what a rich air sandwich
thank you very much this business is fucking mother moves the ass I want
go from here it's very expensive from cock motherfucker do not insult me ​​ajajajaja
finish the chicken shut up
calling all the cardio units are the fucking gang member is like crazy
in his neighborhood go by him understood let's go quickly hurry city pop
autonomic nor cuts 9 plus polis points with those toy agents I do not
will do so much then we will fall to the heavy artillery
despite the victory
jajajajajajajajaja I am the fucking master
from the corrals hahahaha pussy raj in mos that this place is dangerous hahahaha
they will not escape from me hans jürgen stark I said try to fuck me
fuck with pleasure hahahahaha but that aim to take for ass helicopter
now you have given me
we have arrived
fuck this seems like a dream but in real life with strength for nothing I'm
up to the balls
perea as
london oct 1 reuters believe we lost some dog that does not support fuck another
helicopter let's give my companions
basic rates or for the ass however given pieter vink I will avenge his death
sercotel son of a bitch that's my name do not do it again the taca taca
taca taca agraria shit step by step to the fixed pinion officer besides I care
a fucking shit now you get off debt your case hahahahaha I'm the best
helicopter driver of the world
take your killed
hahahahahaha I shit on the bitch we are forced to work
Educ Fuck Another Helicopter Sasha Sauces Loose Mouth Juicy Performance
stay still - of the contingents
hahaha I told you that I am the best to be many I will get away from here
take ambulances to make box after both their shape of the balls behind
You cursed are you left by the crap yes I realized
I wonder how will I get out of this hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
rescue or if we will not die we are infinite alava adeada carajo I have to
cross this street to get to my house but it is very risky guayre
hahahaha I am a survivor now guarantee yes we can cross it
but what luck that I have has run out of ammo shit true they are
these helicopters expect me to find neither the Xunta
aarp I will take a shortcut
monica there is a stranger in the garden let digits but that shortcut more
shit that has appeared in the same place hahahaha and you look like uncle
douchebag
but that is fiction do not confuse me with that load fadeeac fuck is
helicopters are still bothering you now age told you that I am the best
I never get off jajajajajajaja asshole blows cocks has escaped me through
for ayala
there is very little
in June 2007 play with artillery fire eat hahahahahaha
I shit on the uncle gilito holes a long caravan for the strips case of the
condensed milk take away at once jejejeje hasta la vista
hahahaha I shit on the bitch I see that you are the last officer goodbye asshole
mutombo of painting sculpture and by how first
photo efe s / a
fuck I'm tired now there is a magic trick for the officers to
forget what happened to the consultation they consume it
viedma and I think I'm here
the group out of my car now a year
the only compact this is mine
- from the boxes hahaha
coelho that I do in this neighborhood I forgot the cajaol and the milk
good friends this has been all fuck hundred the vibrator of my phone who
they will call
hi he spoke with cheek are better known as pj
not with the pink panther
poio and what do you call me is that I do not have a single weight and I want to go to the
saints when robbing a bank but I do not know where there is or not
you can not give the address of the best
Of course, the best bank of saints is whole without unbalance
street trade
thank you, goodbye
hahahahaha I rightly felt like an asshole
good friends goodbye and until another
this is the address of the best bank good in awards and I want to have money
to buy me a bed because my house does not have
this is a robbery 'bastards will make shit is the police station
he dropped the asshole jana pj gun from the balls
they cut the water one more time but it gives me nothing
with it all here without any weight having to turn to my family I will call
to my brother
here comes the alleged agrarian plot
LOL
I love to entertain I know myself joao but it is my cell phone that called me
this hour
hello I speak with my brother manuel t
well the bureau internally
what do you want brother asshole the call for him to lend is something of
money
I nailed him the ball
you have to earn
but as you are my brother I will lend you
sale to my house and I thank you very much brother from there to there
it's okay
goodbye
jajajajajajaja and the future
denied today is if you wonder where the exercises I am magician exists
from servant in 2007
daniel alsina two big companies I'm bored paul pierce
by the power of my pap
that crashes asshole saladia 0 what is happening if it was true against
of the sahara
asaja haha ​​asshole
good friends goodbye